////PRIVACY POLICY FOR MOBILE APPLICATION "Tune Ring"
Last updated: April 26, 2023

This privacy policy governs your use of the software application “Tune Ring” (later referred as the/this “Application”) for Android™ mobile devices that was created by lkangr.

The Application is a mobile Android rhythm game that allows you to play with beatmaps that are automatically created from your MP3 files.

///What information does the Application obtain and how is it used?
The application only collects data on how users interact with it for analytics purposes

///Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information
This application does not retain or share any information. All data is only stored locally on your mobile device, within the Application's private folder, following Android's security best practices.

If you would like to delete your data, you may do it by clearing the application's data or by uninstalling the Application from your mobile device. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.

///Children
Our Application does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.

///Security
We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information stored locally on your mobile device.

Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches (e.g., a zero-day attack targeting mobile Operating System – OS).

In order to ensure an optimal security, you shall regularly install any Application’s update available from the mobile application marketplace.

We also advise you to regularly check for any Android OS update(s) that could be available and to enable automatic updates.

///Changes
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches (e.g., a zero-day attack targeting mobile Operating System – OS).

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

///Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Firebase. Firebase is an analytics service provided by Google Inc.You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy.
Link: https://firebase.google.com/support/privacy

///Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at:
dangquocthang721@gmail.com
